and hello to all that has it all here on there
always live from london to
the European finals of the call of duty
stubble the chipset fast company 2 in
there a player of the team
Unfortunately, this was unfortunately
on the score of 3-0 against hyper games
introduce yourself and present team so
it's the all of me it's in there plays
for the orks team so that makes
now a month that I have for them my
team is composed of picsou or warren
and for these qualities zip
so that's you then as I said
previously you lost on the
score of 3 to 0 you played on the alfa
it's not on the merry-go-round
do you think that has benefited you
or not so we basic we said
a station face to face as at the
normal samoans avatange and we know
that he is old they are not necessarily
confident when he starts to lose so
also dedicate a trash talk here and there
it'll put them even deeper on
will have the opportunity to hear that
in the boxes we hear not so
we are in Tangier but
unfortunately we did not manage to
take the adventure of the blow we had
not the normal shock contract then you
played with zip you took it
two days ago is what you can
back a bit on this episode then
in fact we did a qual with love
you so a basic manager who plays at
the time hôptal time we managed to
qualify by a miracle in the end he had
Frau and medical grains
and in the hospital a week they result
unfortunately we already have xix
since last minute he had
stopped about two months ago the end
of the assault is there and that's the he has
arrested we did it back three
days my unfortunately it's not good
very well spent poor thing it's not
necessarily his fault but here's what
it's the game so now for you
is over is what your team has
the will to continue together or is
what now everyone to do his
road on his side so finally must
know that we in full roster we have
colors
so he's a young player he's 17 years old
it's super hot at the cost of continuing
with the t4 warren piqthiu month or
alliance so we'll do it and that's the
goal can be upset we know
we can do it and give it to them
a very big level
the other age artwork and we lost a
point 36 work so with katie moore that
I think we could have won star
game on will see let it be
other revenge we hope and we will
give everything what in any case thank you
a lot to you I'm just going to put a
last check we do not have
still asked you who for the first
times on a European-type event
what did you spend a little bit
of the relative management mood
to the French lan who are we going to say a
little more artisanal even if it's not
necessarily the term but here it is
dylan that are less structured than
what did you think about this
event it's just crazy that just
see the mainstage leave his scarves
and it's amazing not to have
noted country and age paid for me
it lucid but even if we lost against
age and I say good to go it's the
top of the European level here is the 24
best teams so it seems to me
that's nothing to see one of them
French completely to have in all
case thank you very much to you illzach it was
go there for decerto france at any
hour